[Work in Progress] EOG In Practice: CW23 (#91)
softwaresaved/event-organisation-guide: docs/eog/eog-in-practice/cw23/feasibility-stage/fs-outputs-and-outcomes.rst

.. _cw23-fs-outputs-and-outcomes:

CW23 Outputs and Outcomes
==========================

Outputs are the things produced during or for the workshop, be it physical or virtual, and outcomes are the changes made possible due to running the event.
These should be linked to the event goals.
Some of these will be the same as the objectives of the workshop.
They should include the type of resources that will be available after the event.
That is, whether a report will be written, videos of the sessions or any other resources will be made available.

Outputs
--------------------

- Recordings of the sessions shared via the SSI Youtube channel
- Closed captioning, transcriptions
- Blog posts from the discussion session
- All slides and other outputs shared via the conference portal (e.g. Figshare)

> - Collaborative Ideas to be recorded via https://github.com/softwaresaved/CW-ideas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collaborative Ideas to be made available via https://github.com/softwaresaved/CW-ideas
```

> - Hack Day projects

Reviewer: What about them?

- A highlights blog post on the SSI website
- A reflections blog post on the SSI website on how we adapted CW to run as a hybrid event
- Collaborative notes documents and other unconference infrastructure resources shared
- Feedback into Event Organisation Guide (e.g. as an In Practice chapter)
- Any sponsor outputs (e.g. Tweets, videos, etc.)
- Publish a report on e.g. Zenodo or Figshare detailing our experience of running a hybrid event with lessons learned and a breakdown of where the costs dominate

> 

Reviewer: Some of these won't happen perhaps? or might happen in a different way e.g. the report on Zenodo might be the in practice sections formatted into one doc - but I guess this can be discussed or mentioned in the event project stage 'Outputs and Outcomes Plan'

Outcomes
--------------------

- Facilitation of new collaborations between participants
- Outputs are more widely shared, increasing impact of discussions and visibility of CW/SSI
- Increased accessibility and inclusion
- Community members who are unable to attend the event are still able to engage with the discussion
- Innovation within the domain of hybrid events
- Impact on hybrid events run by others

> - Ease of running a hybrid CW again in the future

Reviewer: one to add --> Increase in knowledge and confidence around the themes of the workshop by those who participated
